1371355000
ApplicationController	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Micropost	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/micropost.rb	class Micropost 
MicropostsController	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	class MicropostsController 
SessionsController	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsHelper	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
StaticPagesController	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	class StaticPagesController 
StaticPagesHelper	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/static_pages_helper.rb	module StaticPagesHelper
User	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UsersController	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersHelper	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
VALID_EMAIL_REGEX	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	 VALID_EMAIL_REGEX =
about	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	  def about
admin_user	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def admin_user
contact	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	  def contact
correct_user	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	    def correct_user
correct_user	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def correct_user
create	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	 def create
create	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create_remember_token	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	    def create_remember_token
current_user	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user
current_user=	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	 def current_user=(user)
current_user?	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def current_user?(user)
destroy	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	 def destroy
destroy	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	def edit
feed	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/models/user.rb	    def feed
full_title	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def full_title(page_title)
gravatar_for	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	  def gravatar_for(user, options = { size: 50} )
handle_unverified_request	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def handle_unverified_request
help	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	  def help
home	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/static_pages_controller.rb	  def home
index	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/microposts_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def new
redirect_back_or	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def redirect_back_or(default)
show	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
sign_in	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	 def sign_in(user)
sign_out	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def sign_out
signed_in?	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	 def signed_in?
signed_in_user	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	 def signed_in_user
store_location	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	  def store_location
update	/home/tutasg/rails_projects/sample_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
